Calculator/NOTES.md, before:

# Things To Do

## *Build 16*
   StandardButtonGrid & ExtraButtonsGrid build themselves inside GeometryProxy provided by parent class.
      Parent class places geometry reader inside overlay. ❌
   
    Math manager square root not showing in history. ✅
   
    Embed TextCopiedBanner into if { }, add .transition(). Add TextCopiedBanner to landscape history view. ❌
    (custom animation looks better)
      
    System theme label jumps from two lines to one line when switched to. ✅
   
    Math manager plus minus appears in current operation history. 
    (Remove from history at all)✅
    
    Math manager percent is not showing in history. ✅

## *Build 17*
    Portrait history view adapts to theme ✅
    Landscape calculator view extra buttons change colour according to theme ✅
    Landscape history view adapts to theme ✅ 
    
    Theme does not change on rotation of calculatorView
    (using UserDefault for data persistance) ✅
    
    Update button Views in history (use .ultraThinMaterial ) ✅
    
    HistorySheetViewBug (history sheet no appears) 
    { open history sheet in portrait, rotate (to landscape, then back) } 😞

Commit message:

Build 17 with Bug Fix
Portrait and Landscape history follows selected theme.

Landscape calculatorView extra buttons have right colour

Selected theme is stored in UserDefaults, so value does not change when app relaunches

HistorySheetView bug fixed

Calculator/NOTES.md, after:

# Things To Do

## *Build 16*
   StandardButtonGrid & ExtraButtonsGrid build themselves inside GeometryProxy provided by parent class.
      Parent class places geometry reader inside overlay. ❌
   
    Math manager square root not showing in history. ✅
   
    Embed TextCopiedBanner into if { }, add .transition(). Add TextCopiedBanner to landscape history view. ❌
    (custom animation looks better)
      
    System theme label jumps from two lines to one line when switched to. ✅
   
    Math manager plus minus appears in current operation history. 
    (Remove from history at all)✅
    
    Math manager percent is not showing in history. ✅

## *Build 17*
    Portrait history view adapts to theme ✅
    Landscape calculator view extra buttons change colour according to theme ✅
    Landscape history view adapts to theme ✅ 
    
    Theme does not change on rotation of calculatorView
    (using UserDefault for data persistance) ✅
    
    Update button Views in history (use .ultraThinMaterial ) ✅
    
    HistorySheetViewBug (history sheet no appears) 
    { open history sheet in portrait, rotate (to landscape, then back) } ✅
    (.sheet is replaced with .fullScreenCover)
    
    Add textCopiedBanner to historySheetView
